in this video,
we'll take another example of a non standard the look up,
one in which you need to evaluate multiple criteria.
Zero find Look up in reference that 702 we look up multiple criteria.
In this example,
we have some sales information,
which is simply missing the cost of each item.
So to find the cost,
we have a purchase I D.
And we can use that in the purchases table to pull back a price.
But if we try to use that in the purchases table to pull back up price,
we'll find that the purchase I d is not unique to each row.
And if I sought by purchase,
I d.
We can see that for the first i d.
They're six items that were purchased using that same purchase order number.
So what we really need to do in order to uniquely identify a particular cost is to include
,
in our evaluation the product i d.
Because on each purchase I d.
We'll only have one road,
the reach product that was bought.
So if we use envy,
look up.
Ideally,
what we need is a composite colon,
one which combines but the products.
I d.
On the purchase i d.
And this is one way of handling this particular situation.
You simply create an extra column,
which can Katyn eights these two items and you do that in both data sets.
So I'd start with purchases and let's inside it as the first column,
and then I'll just take the format from the right hand column.
And then let's just call the column composite key.
And then it's just a simple case.
Or in Canton ation.
So you can say equals C two ampersand the two.
And then we can just copy this down and do the same thing.
The sales.
So this time,
the product ideas G two ampersand purchase I D in D two.
So without composite key in place,
we can now use a standard.
The look up equals the look up.
We're looking up the composite key in A to coma and our table array is in.
Purchases started in column A and in Colon Age,
which is eight columns comma and its the eighth column that contains the unit price coma
and zero for an exact match.
So that gives us the unit cost to match the unit price.
So let's just change the column heading to indicate their unit cost and then making copy on
holding it down.
So this is the basic solution to the situation where you need to do.
If you look up,
you have multiple criteria to be evaluated.
Now it's not always feasible to develop.
Beauty is done.
There are several scenarios in which you don't have the ability to go in and create an
extra Kahlan in the data set that you're looking up.
So once we've got a bit more ammunition,
Once we've discussed a few more look up and reference functions and a few more techniques,
we'll revisit this example and look at a more sophisticated solution.